capital = 594

oob = "GXC_1936"

if = {
	limit = { has_start_date < 1936.01.02 }
	set_stability = 0.3
	set_war_support = 0.43

	add_ideas = {
		partial_economic_mobilisation
		#
		chine_clique
		CHI_backward_industry2
		GXC_southwest_political_committee_idea
		GXC_an_exemplary_province_idea
		GXC_budget_deficit_idea
		GXC_heavy_tax_burden_idea
		GXC_revolutionary_association_of_the_kuomintang_idea
	}
	
	# for chine_clique idea
	NW_chine_clique_unrecognized_effect = yes
}

set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_fighter = 1
		early_bomber = 1
		CAS1 = 1
	}
	add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
		type = fighter_equipment_0
		amount = 150
		producer = ENG
	}
	add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
		type = tac_bomber_equipment_0
		amount = 40
		producer = ENG
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { 
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" 
	}
	add_equipment_to_stockpile = { type = small_plane_airframe_0 amount = 150 producer = ENG variant_name = "Hawker Fury" }
	add_equipment_to_stockpile = { type = medium_plane_airframe_0 amount = 40 producer = ENG variant_name = "Handley Page Heyford" }
}

set_convoys = 20

set_popularities = {
	neutrality = 51
	democratic = 30
	communism = 7
	trozkism = 8
	fascism = 3
	technocracy = 0
	monarchy = 0
	anarchism = 1
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

recruit_character = GXC_li_zongren
recruit_character = GXC_bai_chongxi
# recruit_character = GXC_wang_jingwei
recruit_character = GXC_huang_shaohong
recruit_character = GXC_huang_xuchu
recruit_character = GXC_hu_shi
recruit_character = GXC_ju_zheng
recruit_character = GXC_sun_fo
recruit_character = GXC_lin_hu
recruit_character = GXC_zhang_dingfan
recruit_character = GXC_hu_zongduo
recruit_character = GXC_cheng_siyuan
recruit_character = GXC_wu_tingyang
recruit_character = GXC_wang_gongdu
recruit_character = GXC_li_pinxian
recruit_character = GXC_xia_wei
recruit_character = GXC_liao_lei
recruit_character = GXC_tao_jun
recruit_character = GXC_miao_peinan
recruit_character = GXC_wei_yunsong
recruit_character = GXC_liu_shiyi
recruit_character = GXC_xia_guozhang
recruit_character = GXC_zhong_yi
recruit_character = GXC_he_weiwei
recruit_character = GXC_zhang_yichun
recruit_character = GXC_kan_weiyong
recruit_character = GXC_liu_fei
recruit_character = GXC_chen_gongbo
recruit_character = GXC_tang_liangli
recruit_character = GXC_cheng_bijun
recruit_character = GXC_claire_lee_chennault
recruit_character = GXC_lin_sen

# OLD CHARACTERS
# recruit_character = GXC_liao_wei
recruit_character = GXC_hu_fang
recruit_character = GXC_zhu_wu
recruit_character = GXC_cheng_shen
recruit_character = GXC_hsia_zhao
recruit_character = GXC_deng_hu

1940.1.1 = {
	oob = "OOB_zero"
	remove_ideas = {
	}
	add_ideas = {
		volunteer_only
		civilian_economy
		ai_aggression_ultra_idea
	}
	set_political_power = 0
	set_stability = 0.5
	set_war_support = 0.5
	set_research_slots = 4
}