capital = 615

oob = "SHX_1936"

if = {
	limit = { has_start_date < 1936.01.02 }
	set_stability = 0.4
	set_war_support = 0.3
	
	add_ideas = {
		limited_exports
		extensive_conscription
		partial_economic_mobilisation
		#
		chine_clique
		CHI_backward_industry2
		SHX_remnants_of_sun_dianyings_army_idea
		SHX_narrow_gauge_railways_idea
		SHX_a_weak_and_small_army_idea
		SHX_efficient_and_modern_bureaucracy_idea
	}
	
	# for chine_clique idea
	NW_chine_clique_unrecognized_effect = yes
	
	add_timed_idea = {
		idea = SHX_yan_xishans_ten_year_plan_idea
		days = 2251
	}
}

set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

set_popularities = {
	neutrality = 66
	communism = 22
	fascism = 0
	democratic = 5
	trozkism = 4
	monarchy = 3
	anarchism = 0
	technocracy = 0
} 

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

recruit_character = SHX_yan_xishan
recruit_character = SHX_bo_yibo
recruit_character = SHX_liu_shaoqi
recruit_character = SHX_sun_dianying
recruit_character = SHX_liang_huazhi
recruit_character = SHX_wang_xiang
recruit_character = SHX_du_runsheng
recruit_character = SHX_yan_huiqing
recruit_character = SHX_zhao_daiwen
recruit_character = SHX_cui_xiaoqian
recruit_character = SHX_sun_chu
recruit_character = SHX_kong_fanwei
recruit_character = SHX_liang_peihuang
recruit_character = SHX_zeng_yanyi
recruit_character = SHX_wu_shaozhi
recruit_character = SHX_zhu_shouguang
recruit_character = SHX_zhao_chengshou
recruit_character = SHX_wang_jingguo
recruit_character = SHX_li_fuying
recruit_character = SHX_shi_czebo
recruit_character = SHX_dai_binnan
recruit_character = SHX_sun_lianzhong
recruit_character = SHX_xu_yongchang
recruit_character = SHX_yang_aiyuan
recruit_character = SHX_liu_huawu
recruit_character = SHX_guo_zongfen
recruit_character = SHX_lu_ruji
recruit_character = SHX_guo_yingyi
recruit_character = SHX_xu_fanting
recruit_character = SHX_sun_dingguo
recruit_character = SHX_kun_xiangxi
recruit_character = SHX_jiang_kanghu
recruit_character = PRC_wang_ruofei

# OLD CHARACTERS
recruit_character = SHX_gao_lü
recruit_character = SHX_gao_ma
recruit_character = SHX_yu_sun
recruit_character = SHX_deng_jin
recruit_character = SHX_kong_jiang
recruit_character = SHX_ma_dong

1940.1.1 = {
	oob = "OOB_zero"
	remove_ideas = {
	}
	add_ideas = {
		volunteer_only
		civilian_economy
		ai_aggression_ultra_idea
	}
	set_political_power = 0
	set_stability = 0.5
	set_war_support = 0.5
	set_research_slots = 4
}