capital = 617

oob = "SIK_1936"

if = {
	limit = { has_start_date < 1936.01.02 }
	#START CONDITIONS
	add_manpower = 7000
	set_stability = 0.3
	set_war_support = 0.3
	set_research_slots = 2

	#IDEAS
	add_ideas = {
		SIK_chinese_clique # TODO chine_clique
		CHI_backward_industry1
		SIK_support_for_the_currency_of_Xinjiang_USSR
		SIK_disrupted_agriculture
		SIK_national_separatism
		SIK_religious_population
		# SIK_nationalism ??
		# SIK_soviet_influence
	}
	
	#MODIFIERS & FLAGS
	every_possible_country = { # TODO
		limit = { NOT = { is_literally_china = yes tag = SOV } }
		add_opinion_modifier = { target = ROOT modifier = SIK_chinese_clique_1 }
		SIK = { add_opinion_modifier = { target = PREV modifier = SIK_chinese_clique_1 } }
	}
	every_possible_country = {
		limit = { is_literally_china = yes }
		add_opinion_modifier = { target = ROOT modifier = SIK_chinese_clique_2 }
		SIK = { add_opinion_modifier = { target = PREV modifier = SIK_chinese_clique_2 } }
	}
	SOV = {
		add_opinion_modifier = { target = SIK modifier = SIK_support_from_USSR }
	}
	SIK = {
		add_opinion_modifier = { target = SOV modifier = SIK_support_from_USSR }
	}
	set_country_flag = block_global_market
	set_country_flag = nw_political_actions_block_flag
	# set_country_flag = form_unite_turks_category_block_flag
	set_variable = { var = soviet_influence value = 100 }
}

set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
}

if = {
	limit = {
		OR = {
			has_dlc = "Together for Victory"
			has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
		}
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = KUM
		autonomous_state = autonomy_puppet
		freedom_level = 0.5
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = DZH
		autonomous_state = autonomy_puppet
		freedom_level = 0.5
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = KAS
		autonomous_state = autonomy_puppet
		freedom_level = 0.5
	}
	else = {
		puppet = KUM
		puppet = DZH
		puppet = KAS
	}
}

#POLITICAL PARTIES
set_popularities = {
	communism = 62
	neutrality = 30
	monarchy = 8
}

#POLITICS
set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = communism
	elections_allowed = no
}

#COUNTRY LEADERS
recruit_character = SIK_Sheng_Shicai
recruit_character = SIK_Sheng_Shiqi
recruit_character = SIK_Mao_Zemin
recruit_character = SIK_Wu_Zhongxin
recruit_character = SIK_Khoja_Niyaz
recruit_character = SIK_Zjang_Zhizhong
recruit_character = SIK_Bai_Chongxi
recruit_character = SIK_Burhan_Shahidi
recruit_character = SIK_Masud_Sabri
recruit_character = SIK_Ma_Chengxiang

#POLITICAL ADVISORS
recruit_character = SIK_Ui_Susun
recruit_character = SIK_Garegin_Apresov
recruit_character = SIK_Rashida
recruit_character = SIK_Shan_Shidji
recruit_character = SIK_Nikolai_Behteev
recruit_character = SIK_Pavel_Rybalko # TODO: переносить из SOV
recruit_character = SIK_Victor_Obyhov
recruit_character = SIK_Janum_han_Haji
recruit_character = SIK_Du_Junan
recruit_character = SIK_Chang_Tanzu
recruit_character = SIK_Lil_Zcily
recruit_character = SIK_Huan_Huocin
recruit_character = SIK_Ma_Shaou
recruit_character = SIK_U_Zcezyan
recruit_character = SIK_Van_Censhan
recruit_character = SIK_Isa_Usuf_Alptekin
recruit_character = SIK_Muhammed_Amin_Bugra
recruit_character = SIK_Amina_Bugra

#UNIT LEADERS
recruit_character = SIK_Isakbek_Monuev

# OLD CHARACTERS
recruit_character = SIK_chiang_yufen
recruit_character = SIK_hoja_niyaz
recruit_character = SIK_li_rong
recruit_character = SIK_xu_lian
recruit_character = SIK_chen_deli
recruit_character = SIK_ma_wei
recruit_character = SIK_piotr_orlov
recruit_character = SIK_yang_tian
recruit_character = SIK_sa_zhenbing
recruit_character = SIK_deng_tian
recruit_character = SIK_cheng_fang
recruit_character = SIK_ma_shaowu
recruit_character = SIK_yu_wei
recruit_character = SIK_tan_ma
recruit_character = SIK_xie_peng
recruit_character = SIK_gao_jiang


1940.1.1 = {
	oob = "OOB_zero"
	remove_ideas = {
	}
	add_ideas = {
		volunteer_only
		civilian_economy
		ai_aggression_ultra_idea
	}
	set_political_power = 0
	set_stability = 0.5
	set_war_support = 0.5
	set_research_slots = 4
}