capital = 325

oob = "YUN_1936"

if = {
	limit = { has_start_date < 1936.01.02 }
	set_stability = 0.3
	set_war_support = 0.3
	
	add_ideas = {
		partial_economic_mobilisation
		#
		chine_clique
		CHI_backward_industry1
		YUN_iron_fist
		YUN_new_yunnan
		YUN_opium
	}

	# for chine_clique idea
	NW_chine_clique_unrecognized_effect = yes
}

set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	armed_people = 1
}

set_convoys = 20

set_popularities = {
	neutrality = 90
	communism = 10
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

recruit_character = YUN_long_yun
recruit_character = YUN_lu_han
recruit_character = YUN_long_shengzeng
recruit_character = YUN_long_shenwu
recruit_character = YUN_wan_baobang
recruit_character = YUN_an_enpu
recruit_character = YUN_zhang_chong
recruit_character = YUN_long_zehui
recruit_character = YUN_lu_daoyuan
recruit_character = YUN_lu_junquan
recruit_character = YUN_sun_du
recruit_character = YUN_zou_ruoheng
recruit_character = YUN_li_peiyan
recruit_character = YUN_miao_yuntai
recruit_character = YUN_gu_yingqiu
recruit_character = YUN_zhou_zhongyue
recruit_character = YUN_li_xuanting
recruit_character = YUN_li_yanbin
recruit_character = YUN_hu_ying
recruit_character = YUN_xiong_qinglai

# OLD CHARACTERS
recruit_character = YUN_zhang_wu
recruit_character = YUN_kong_ma
recruit_character = YUN_xie_fang
recruit_character = YUN_yu_tian
recruit_character = YUN_pan_shen
recruit_character = YUN_pan_qiu

1940.1.1 = {
	oob = "OOB_zero"
	remove_ideas = {
	}
	add_ideas = {
		volunteer_only
		civilian_economy
		ai_aggression_ultra_idea
	}
	set_political_power = 0
	set_stability = 0.5
	set_war_support = 0.5
	set_research_slots = 4
	
	set_popularities = {
	    monarchy = 100
	}
	
	set_politics = {
	    ruling_party = monarchy
		elections_allowed = no
	}
}